count: 0 TW: ICYMI: The first words in our Constitution are, We the People, not, We the Government. To protect our freedoms, the Constitution limits what the gov't does and how. Unfortunately, there are those who want to turn away from this and embrace socialism. 
count: 1 TW: Why have Dems have remained silent on this issue? Perhaps they realize there truly is a crisis at the Southern Border + their open border policies have only made it worse. Lets fix it with better policies, building the wall, + supporting our agents.
count: 2 TW: .@Ilhan continues to outrageously attack our closest Middle Eastern ally. But instead of calling for her resignation, Democrats have given her a prominent post on the Foreign Affairs Committee! We must speak out against dangerous anti-Israel statements. 
count: 3 TW: I know the importance of our area hospitals for the success of our communities. Under this new plan, AL hospitals are set to receive ~$46 mil more per year, with much of that money going to rural hospitals that need it the most. Big win for AL hospitals!
count: 4 TW: As a Christian, I believe that we are all created in God's image. These remarks and many others like them made by radical Dems who refuse to stand up for life are absolutely appalling. No matter how out of touch some may get, Ill always oppose abortion. 
count: 5 TW: Saying  thank you is the least we can do for our nations teachers who work every day to shape the minds of our children. Thank you for all you do. Who was a teacher in your life that youre thankful for? 
count: 6 TW: The Green New Deal is nothing more than a #GreedyNewSteal on the part of Congressional Dems that would steal personal freedoms and crash our economy. Trillions of taxpayer dollars for only a 0.9% reduction in CO2 levels by 2050? That doesnt seem like a deal to me. 
count: 7 TW: In Washington, there are those who want to reject our founding principles for a more invasive and overreaching gov't. In short, they're looking to socialism (Green New Deal, Medicare for All) to answer our problems. We must reembrace our founders ideals.
count: 8 TW: What a great story from #Monroeville, the Literary Capital of Alabama! This new sculpture trail features 14 bronze sculptures made by @UofAlabama students celebrating the rich literary history in Monroeville.
count: 9 TW: This week is National #SmallBusinessWeek! Our nations economy is built on our small businesses, and I am so proud to represent Main Street here in Southwest Alabama. Get out and support our small businesses this week! @SBAgov More: 
count: 10 TW: Thanks to everyone who came out this morning to my town hall in Robertsdale! It was great to see everyone and hear from you on the issues that matter to you. I will continue to fight for Alabama priorities in Washington! 
count: 11 TW: Im proud to see even more expansion happening here in Southwest Alabama to add to the positive job numbers we saw last Friday! 
count: 12 TW: Southwest Alabama is on the cutting edge of science and technology jobs for the future, and with programs like this one from @CollinsAero and @CoastalAlaCC, we will continue to produce outstanding members of the workforce for years to come.
count: 13 TW: Did you see this? Finally, Democrats are starting to acknowledge the true scale of the crisis at the border. Open border policies are not the answer to fixing this problem. Instead, we must act to #SecureOurBorder and end this crisis. 
count: 14 TW: When countless others run from danger, firefighters do the unthinkable. They put their lives on the line to keep us safe at home. Today, I hope you will find a firefighter and say thank you for all they do. 
count: 15 TW: Medicare for All means 2.1 million Alabamians will lose their insurance they already have. Not only that, it will cost the taxpayer trillions of dollars. To me, that doesnt sound like much of a solution to the healthcare problems here in the US. 
count: 16 TW: Great work by the @CBP and @team_sheriff. This crisis is not confined to border states. Illegal drugs, human trafficking, and violent gangs reach throughout the entire country. I will continue to fight for stronger border protections to stop this crisis. 
count: 17 TW: May is Military Appreciation Month. "No man is entitled to the blessings of freedom unless he be vigilant in its preservation." -- Gen. Douglas MacArthur. Take a moment this month to thank a service member. Without their service, we would not be the land of the free. 
count: 18 TW: The positive economic news keeps rolling in! This just goes to show, once again, that thanks to conservative policies our economy is stronger than ever. I will keep advocating for Main Street through pro-growth policies in Washington. 
count: 19 TW: This is the cost of socialism. This is not the answer to the healthcare problems facing our nation. Hopefully this reality check will truly show Democrats that the radical far-left ideas their base is pushing do not accomplish anything.
count: 20 TW: Congratulations to these outstanding students from @north_alabama for this amazing accomplishment! This just goes to show, once again, that Alabama is a leading force throughout the country for groundbreaking scholars.
count: 21 TW: Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day. We can never forget the atrocities meted out by the Nazis on millions of innocent people. Never again can we allow humanity to commit such heinous acts. 
count: 22 TW: When you look at Venezuela, you can answer that problem with one word: socialism. Yet when @POTUS said that America is not a socialist country, half of the Congress (Dems) sat on their hands! The American people dont want what they have in Venezuela here in the United States. 
count: 23 TW: More great news for Southwest Alabama! This program will lead to more well-paying aviation jobs for workers in our area. 
count: 24 TW: Glad to have you in the 1st District!  Be sure to eat some Gulf seafood while you're in the area. 
count: 25 TW: Today is the National Day of Prayer. I hope that you will take a moment to pray for your family, friends, neighbors, our country, and for the world today. I am thankful we live in a nation where we can worship freely! 
count: 26 TW: Chairman Nadler should understand there are Constitutional limits on the Houses oversight responsibility. AG Barr has been the adult in the room and handled himself very well against the national news media and their friends the Dems. This is just a whole lot of nothing! @OANN 
count: 27 TW: Be sure to come out Monday to the Baldwin County Association of Realtors in Robertsdale for a town hall. I want to hear from you! Your views and insights help me better represent you in Washington. 
count: 28 TW: For years I have been calling for greater protections for our rural hospitals. Its about more than just healthcare: its about jobs, its about growth, and its about our communities. As long as I'm in DC, I will always advocate for our rural communities.
count: 29 TW: Had a good chat this morning with this great group from the Southern Crop Production Association. Our farmers are our future, and I am proud to represent all of the hardworking producers throughout our state! 
count: 30 TW: Many thanks to @SenShelby and @RepByrne for visiting with Baldwin EMC about co-op and member concerns! Baldwin EMC is proud to join co-ops from across the nation as part of the NRECA Legislative Conference in Washington, D.C., this week. #CoopsOnTheHill 
count: 31 TW: Ill be on One America News at the top of the 11am hour to talk about the ongoing socialism-fueled crisis in Venezuela. I hope you can tune in!
count: 32 TW: What an uplifting story from @sfhs_toros and @FOX10News! The world can always use a little more positivity in todays atmosphere stirred up from almost every corner it sometimes seems. Keep up the great work!
count: 33 TW: An incredible Good Samaritan story of an Auburn native.  My prayers go out to the family and friends of Col. Gregory Townsend, commander, 23rd Quartermaster Brigade, @USArmy, who passed away after helping a stranger change a tire on the side of the road. 
count: 34 TW: Thanks to @BillAtUSDA for stopping by @AuburnU to celebrate the Miller Poultry Research &amp; Education Center, soon to be the worlds only research/testing center dedicated to the entirety of the poultry industry. AL is a nat'l leader in poultry production!
count: 35 TW: So glad to see this news from the Smart Cities Readiness Challenge! Montgomery was chosen from over 100 cities to receive these funds for a year-long technology program, including workshops, mentoring and digital tools.
count: 36 TW: As the weather along the Gulf Coast continues to improve and warm, now is the time to get out and enjoy everything our parks and attractions have to offer. Heres a way that you can help to improve one of our local sites!
count: 37 TW: It is official.  This week, with Democrats holding the first ever hearing in Congressional history to socialize our healthcare system in the US, the modern Democrat party is most radical, far-left mainstream party in the history of our republic.
count: 38 TW: ICYMI: For nearly three decades, AL hospitals have been facing declining Medicare reimbursement due to a fundamentally flawed reimbursement system known as the Medicare Wage Index. This is a major step in the right direction to save our rural hospitals.
count: 39 TW: This week is National Holocaust Remembrance Week. We can never forget the horrific acts of the Nazis during the darkest time in world history. We can never again allow hatred to overcome humanity. Please take a moment of prayer for the millions of lives lost in the Holocaust. 
count: 40 TW: Alabama is growing at an incredible rate. Last year, thanks to conservative, pro-growth, pro-America policies, over $8 billion and 17,000 new jobs were invested here in our state! 
count: 41 TW: Rarely do two Carrier Strike Groups train together, so it is great to see this news from the @USNavy!
count: 42 TW: Our outdated laws only contribute to the porous border. Illegal drugs, violence, and human trafficking continue to pour across our border. I continue to call on House Democrats to take action and fix our broken system.
count: 43 TW: I have consistently fought to protect this program to continue its outstanding record of providing important funding to the Gulf Coast. We are blessed with an amazingly diverse and important ecosystem. It's up to us to take care of these natural resources.
count: 44 TW: Tomorrow Ingalls Shipbuilding will host Future Shipbuilder Discovery Day for local middle/high school students interested in a career in shipbuilding! Students will be able to ask questions and learn about a career in shipbuilding. 
count: 45 TW: It was wonderful celebrating the conservation of 470 acres of critical coastal wildlife habitat at the Little Point Clear Unit at the Bon Secour National Wildlife Refuge today with @GovernorKayIvey and so many others. Ill continue fighting to protect Southwest AL environment. 
count: 46 TW: I was proud to stand by @GovernorKayIvey this morning as she announced a new $250,000 grant from GOMESA funds for a long-needed boat ramp in #BayouLaBatre. I have long championed the importance of ensuring GOMESA funds go towards SW AL environmental, economic, + recreation needs. 
count: 47 TW: So glad to see this national recognition for Southwest Alabama! Baldwin County is growing at an incredible rate, both in population and economically, and I am proud of the hardworking Alabamians who have made that a reality.  
count: 48 TW: A strong border means readiness. As a sovereign nation, it only makes sense that we should work to curb the tide of illegal immigration and reform our broken immigration system. To do both, we must #SecureOurBorder.
count: 49 TW: This June will mark 75 years since the Allied landings at Normandy on D-Day. The service and sacrifice of George Ciampa and countless others who served in WWII is impossible to fully appreciate. To all veterans of WWII, we say thank you. 
