count: 0 TW: As a former teacher, I have a deep appreciation for the hard work put in every day by our teachers. Today is #NationalTeacherDay, and I hope youll take a moment to reach out to a teacher and let them know how appreciated they are. Thank you to all teachers  in AK and beyond! 
count: 1 TW: Safe travels to our Alaska veterans traveling to Washington, D.C. as part of the Last Frontier Honor Flight! These heroes deserve to see the monuments built to honor their service, and I am grateful to everyone who helps make the Honor Flight program possible. 
count: 2 TW: To learn how you can help support our service members through the USO, click here: 
count: 3 TW: It was a great honor to join @the_USO and countless other advocates today on Capitol Hill as we assembled care packages for our heroes serving overseas. We are eternally grateful for the sacrifices these brave men and women continue to make for our country and freedom! 
count: 4 TW: To learn more about National Prescription Drug Take Back Day, and to find a collection site near you, click here:  
count: 5 TW: This is a great opportunity to prevent unused or unwanted prescription drugs from being abused by turning them in at participating collection sites throughout Alaska.
count: 6 TW: The prescription drug and opioid epidemic has tragically touched far too many families in Alaska and across the nation. Tomorrow, April 27, is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. 
count: 7 TW: I recently met with members of RESULTS Anchorage and the @ONECampaign to thank them for their advocacy, and to discuss the critical work being done to help make a world free of these diseases a reality!
count: 8 TW: Tremendous progress has been made in the global fight against AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, but there is still much to be done. On #WorldMalariaDay, we celebrate the accomplishments made by health advocates, and redouble our efforts help to eradicate Malaria across the globe. 
count: 9 TW: Thank you to Tongass Supervisor Earl Stewart, Wrangell Interim  Manager Tori Houser, Timber Staff Officer Austin OBrien, and Acting District Ranger Martin Hutton for a productive conversation!
count: 10 TW: I stopped by the @ForestService Ranger Station in Wrangell for a discussion on a range of issues important to Alaskans, including subsistence salmon fishing, maintaining public use cabins, and cleaning up Zarembo Island. 
count: 11 TW: Best of luck to Markos and his team as they continue to invest in Alaska!
count: 12 TW: I wish OceansAlaska and their dedicated scientists continued success in the hatching seasons ahead. It was also great to meet with entrepreneur Markos Scheer whose startup, Premium Aquatics, is another important voice in mariculture.
count: 13 TW: OceansAlaska is an innovator in the mariculture industry, and has helped raise Ketchikans profile as a leading destination for raising shellfish and getting them to market. I appreciated the chance to tour their nursery and learn more about the economic impact of their efforts. 
count: 14 TW: Thank you President Battulga. Im proud to cosponsor the Mongolia Third Neighbor Trade Act, and will keep working as Co-Chair of the Congressional Mongolia Caucus to strengthen the friendship between our two nations! 
count: 15 TW: It's official! @DOIDepSec David Bernhardt is the 53rd @Interior Secretary! #ConfirmedThe Senate confirmed him today with a bipartisan vote of 56-41. Congratulations, Mr. Secretary!Joint press release w/ @SenWestCaucus  
count: 16 TW: This important initiative from the @LungAssociation is critical for helping raise awareness of this terrible disease, and to expand support for the funding needed to develop new treatments and cures. #LungForce
count: 17 TW: Lung cancer is the nations #1 cause of cancer-related death, and today we stand with lung cancer survivors and those still in the fight. Im proud to be wearing my turquoise ribbon to help #TurnTheHillTurquoise. 
count: 18 TW: Join me in this important initiative by visiting 
count: 19 TW: Each day, we lose over 20 veterans to suicide. We can all do something to help prevent these tragic deaths from occurring. To a veteran going through a difficult time, even the smallest act - a phone call, text message, even a friendly wave at the mailbox - can prevent suicide.
count: 20 TW: I know Alaska to be a place where we take care of one another, and I wanted to take a moment to talk to you about an issue affecting veterans not only in our state, but across the nation. 
count: 21 TW: Im proud that America is a global leader in space exploration, engineering, and robotics. I had a great tour of @NASAs Goddard Space Flight Center this week, and I cant wait to see what discoveries and advancements these valued scientific minds can achieve. 
count: 22 TW: Im proud that my amendment was adopted unanimously by voice vote during todays consideration of #VAWA reauthorization. Read more about my amendment here: 
count: 23 TW: Today, I spoke from the House Floor in support of my amendment to help ensure Native villages have the tools necessary to fight violence against Native women. 
count: 24 TW: We #LightItUpBlue on #WorldAutismAwarenessDay to celebrate the great contributions of those living with autism, and the advocates that support them. Learn how to get involved in promoting awareness and understanding here: 
count: 25 TW: Did you miss this weeks impressive display of air superiority at JBER? This mass launch of F-22s, known as an Elephant Walk, requires the kind of skill that our pilots at JBER are able to deliver. Congrats to the USAF 3rd Wing for making history! 
count: 26 TW: Tackling poverty and expanding opportunity in Indian Country will continue to be a priority of mine. I strongly encourage my friends on both sides of the aisle to join us in this important effort. Read more here: 
count: 27 TW: Im proud to partner with @RepDebHaaland, @TomColeOK04, and @NormaJTorres on legislation to strengthen our Native communities by better supporting Indigenous entrepreneurs and boosting business investment.
count: 28 TW: My late wife, my children, and my grandchildren are all Alaska Native. To me, breaking the cycle of poverty in Indian Country isnt just an important policy goal, its personal.
count: 29 TW: There are no better stewards of Alaskas lands and waters than Alaskans. Todays unanimous decision by SCOTUS pushes back against what my constituents have always known as heavy-handed government overreach. Read more about todays big win for Alaska  
count: 30 TW: On this day in 1867, Secretary of State William Seward signed the Alaska Purchase Treaty, and the rest is history! Its been my great honor to represent the people of Alaska, and Im as energized as ever to secure even more big wins for our state. Happy #SewardsDay! 
count: 31 TW: I am humbled by the heroism and gallantry of these exceptional servicemen, and I know we are all grateful for their sacrifice. May we never forget their memory.
count: 32 TW: Private Joseph P. Martinez was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his sacrifice during the Battle of the Aleutian Islands. Though he was mortally wounded, his heroism helped drive enemy combatants from the islands. Read more: 
count: 33 TW: Staff Sergeant James Leroy Bondsteel of Willow was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Nixon for his bravery during the Vietnam War. Although wounded, he refused medical attention and continued leading his men against the enemy. Read more: 
count: 34 TW: Despite a bullet shattering his arm and a grenade wounding his chest, Staff Sergeant Van Winkle refused evacuation and continued leading his men against an enemy attack. Read more about this hero here: 
count: 35 TW: Staff Sergeant Archie Van Winkle, who was born in In Juneau and retired in Ketchikan, was awarded the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry during his service in the Korean War. 
count: 36 TW: On National #MedalofHonorDay, we pause in gratitude to the men and women who went above and beyond the call of duty to keep our nation safe. To learn more about the Medal of Honor, and to read the stories of the heroes who have received it, click here: 
count: 37 TW: Pleased to share that @fema has awarded Alaska a grant of nearly $1.15 million for permanent repairs to a gravel dike damaged by flooding in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough. This funding will go a long way toward rebuilding our local infrastructure and bolstering resiliency.
count: 38 TW: Are you signed up to have my eNewsletter delivered straight to your inbox? My Washington Update is a great way to follow along with my work on behalf of Alaska. Sign up on my home page at 
count: 39 TW: Working across the aisle is critical to getting big things done. I'm proud to once again be named by @TheLugarCenter as one of the most bipartisan Members of Congress. Thanks to @YourAlaskaLink for covering this important news for Alaskans. Read more: 
count: 40 TW: Wishing everyone a fun-filled day full of shamrocks and corned beef  in Alaska and beyond. Happy Saint Patricks Day! 
count: 41 TW: Proud to introduce legislation with @lisamurkowski and @SenDanSullivan to protect Alaska Native artisans who have had their livelihoods jeopardized by state-level ivory bans. Read more here: 
count: 42 TW: Veterans who put their lives on the line for us should never be forgotten. Thanks to @Ch2KTUU for covering my bill to help Alaska's rural veterans receive transportation to their VA medical appointments 
count: 43 TW: Bethel's own Pete Kaiser is the 2019 #Iditarod Champion! In just 9 days, 12 hours, 39 minutes and 6 seconds, Pete and his loyal dogs made it to the finish line in Nome. Congratulations to Pete, and best of luck to the mushers still on their journey! 
count: 44 TW: It was an honor joining @lisamurkowski and @SenDanSullivan in the Oval Office as @POTUS signed landmark public lands legislation into law. Read more about this bill's important wins for Alaska: 
count: 45 TW: Kimba has been fighting crime and keeping us safe for nearly eight years. Shell be greatly missed at JBER, but I hope she enjoys her well-deserved retirement! Read more about this exceptional canine: 
count: 46 TW: From entrepreneurs and explorers to journalists and politicians, women have played a central role in Alaska history. On #InternationalWomensDay, take some time to learn about some of our states most important women: 
count: 47 TW: @RepDebDingell Thank you for the kind words, Debbie, but Im still a long way off from  matching Johns incredible record of service. I sure do miss my hunting  partner, but every day I come to work, Im reminded how grateful I was for his friendship.
count: 48 TW: It was a pleasure having @ChrisEvans at the U.S. Capitol today. Although we didnt discuss Federal vibranium policy, we did discuss what its like to serve in Congress and how to improve our trade agreements with other nations. Thank you for meeting with me! 
count: 49 TW: Our Congressman, @repdonyoung, today became the longest continuously-serving Republican member of either the House or Senate in U.S. history! I couldnt resist honoring him as our Alaskan of the Week. 
