count: 0 TW: Thanks to the students &amp; parents from Priceville High School who stopped by for a tour of the Capitol this morning. Martha &amp; I hope this great group enjoyed the tour as much as we did &amp; wish them safe travels back to Alabama. 
count: 1 TW: .@RepMoBrooks Air Force decision on national security space launch program the right thing for America 
count: 2 TW: Small businesses booming, 84% see another good year 
count: 3 TW: Thanks to @SeemaCMS for helping Alabama hospitals by proposing a fix to the decades old Medicare Wage Index problem. With multiple Alabama hospital closures in recent years, Im grateful to Administrator Verma for helping our hospitals. 
count: 4 TW: Happy Jobs Day. Tired of winning yet? 
count: 5 TW: Since President Trumps election, more than 5.8 million jobs have been created. Americas strong economy is thanks to our embrace of free enterprise economic policies and rejection of Socialism.
count: 6 TW: More great economic news! Outperforming Wall Street expectations, the U.S economy added 263,000 jobs in April. Whats more, the unemployment rate dropped to 3.6 percent, the lowest rate since December 1969. 
count: 7 TW: Im looking forward to American astronauts returning to space on American rockets! Lets get @NASA_SLS built right as soon as we can. 
count: 8 TW: Air Force leader responds to Brooks, indicates national security space launch program will proceed as planned 
count: 9 TW: Make no mistake, Venezuelas current ills are the inevitable result of Socialism. Its ridiculous to suggest America is to blame for Venezuela's economic collapse and a dictatorial tyrant killing his own people. 
count: 10 TW: Glad to see @realDonaldTrump is set to declassify the documents related to the FISA court surveillance application the Obama Administration used to spy on the Trump 2016 campaign. 
count: 11 TW: Great friend of the show @RepMoBrooks joins the show to discuss unemployment numbers, the #MuellerReport, and more. #PoliticsNow 
count: 12 TW: The Tennessee Valley is booming! Its great that more high-paying, high-skill jobs are coming to our community. 
count: 13 TW: Quinnipiac poll finds a plurality (48%) of Americans support adding the citizenship question to the U.S. Census.
count: 14 TW: Martha &amp; I enjoyed hosting @mamustang 5th graders at the U.S. Capitol for a tour yesterday evening &amp; were grateful for the opportunity to field great questions about American history &amp; Congress. Many thanks to this impressive group of students &amp; safe travels back to Alabama. 
count: 15 TW: Thanks to Alabama @AGSteveMarshall for stopping by the office today! Steve is a strong leader and Alabama is fortunate to have him as attorney general. 
count: 16 TW: The people of Venezuela deserve freedom and prosperity! I hope theyll achieve it by rejecting Socialism. In the meantime, in America, there is no better time than now to #SayNOtoSocialism.
count: 17 TW: In 2017, around 65% of Venezuelans surveyed said theyd lost 24 pounds because they could not get the calories necessary to maintain their body weight. The situation has worsened since then. 
count: 18 TW: According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies, nearly 90% of the Venezuelan population is living below the poverty line. 
count: 19 TW: In 2018, 5 Venezuela cities made the Mexican Citizens' Council for Public Securitys list of 50 Most Dangerous Cities in the World with Venezuelas capital, Caracas, coming in second overall with 111 homicides per 100,000 residents. 
count: 20 TW: Venezuelas economy has collapsed with inflation soaring to 80,000 percent at the close of 2018.
count: 21 TW: The humanitarian &amp; economic crisis in Venezuela is tragic. I wish the Venezuelan people werent suffering as they are. The current situation should serve as a warning to other nations tempted by Socialism's siren song.
count: 22 TW: Government run healthcare means the American people will pay more to wait longer for worse care. Americans deserve better!
count: 23 TW: Government run healthcare would result in fewer healthcare choices for Americans. America was founded on freedom and liberty, yet those values would be nonexistent with government run healthcare. 
count: 24 TW: Under government run healthcare, illegal aliens would qualify for taxpayer funded healthcare. Are we going to reward criminals who break into our country with healthcare? That would be unconscionable! Yet, thats where Socialist Democrats want to take us. 
count: 25 TW: According to estimates by @mercatus, the Medicare for All Act of 2019 would cost more than $60 trillion over the next decade. The cost is nearly twice previous estimates. 
count: 26 TW: A @KaiserFamFound poll found that 70% of Americans oppose government run healthcare when they learn about the long wait times for poor healthcare a government run system inevitably leads to.
count: 27 TW: Socialist Democrats on the House Rules Committee are holding a hearing today on the Medicare for All Act of 2019 (aka government run healthcare act). Make no mistake, government run healthcare will result in higher costs &amp; longer wait times for worse care. 
count: 28 TW: Milestone: First steel column rises at Mazda Toyota Manufacturing USA 
count: 29 TW: Regardless of what is written on global agreements in response to the hysteria, the global transition away from fossil fuels will only happen when the unsubsidized alternatives are finally less expensive.
count: 30 TW: By withdrawing from this bad deal, President Trump kept his promise to the American people - to put America first. We must lead on our own by putting our national interest ahead of false global promises.
count: 31 TW: According to a comprehensive new study prepared by NERA Economic Consulting, the Paris Climate Accord could cost the U.S. economy $3 trillion and 6.5 million industrial sector jobs by 2040.
count: 32 TW: This agreement would have undermined our national economy by putting US companies at a competitive disadvantage compared to those in other countries around the world.
count: 33 TW: Let me be clear, President Trump made the right choice when he decided it was time for the United States to leave the Paris Climate Accord.
count: 34 TW: In yet another feeble attempt to embarrass &amp; undermine @realDonaldTrump, Socialist Democrats in the House this week are holding a vote to prohibit President Trump from withdrawing from the Paris Climate Accord. I've got news for Socialist Democrats: Trump was right to withdraw.
count: 35 TW: Happy Birthday to @RepMoBrooks We hope you have a Grand Young Party!  #cakeboss 
count: 36 TW: Congratulations @HuntsvilleHavoc on winning back-to-back league championships!! You make the Tennessee Valley proud! 
count: 37 TW: Happy birthday to my long-time friend, @RepMoBrooks! 
count: 38 TW: Thanks, @ALGOP! 
count: 39 TW: Mercury Systems celebrates expansion in Huntsville 
count: 40 TW: Exciting news! Significantly beating Wall Street projections, America's economy grew at 3.2% in the first quarter of 2019, the strongest start to a year in 4 years. Another plus, exports rose 3.7% in the first quarter, while imports decreased by 3.7%. 
count: 41 TW: Congressman Brooks applauds Trump's sanctuary city plan... 
count: 42 TW: Congratulations on your expansion! Thanks for having me! 
count: 43 TW: Oh baby. 
count: 44 TW: BREAKING: A game-changing year is creating 17,000 new jobs to drive growth across Alabama 
count: 45 TW: The Athens Post Office building was officially renamed Wednesday in honor of Judge James E. Horton Jr. during a dedication ceremony. 
count: 46 TW: @RepMoBrooks is live in store now with @TheDaleJackson! 
count: 47 TW: .@RepMoBrooks on with @TheDaleJackson on @WVNN live from @gigaparts 
count: 48 TW: Birmingham, Lake Guntersville selected to host 2020 Bassmaster Classic 
count: 49 TW: As of last week, #BorderPatrol apprehensions for FY19TD (418,000+) surpassed total apprehensions for FY18 (404,142). Along the Southwest border, there have been 414,000+ apprehensions so far this year, compared to 396,579 total in FY18. 
