count: 0 TW: I just met with Dr. John Allen Meadows from Montgomery. We had a great conversation about ways we can better support individuals who suffer from allergies &amp; asthma. I appreciate his advocacy for these issues w/ the Allergy &amp; Asthma Network. 
count: 1 TW: The success of Afghan women is indicative of the entire countrys success, &amp; I'm optimistic about the process toward reaching peace. Also grateful for our countrys relationship w/ Jordan &amp; for the stability our ally brings to the region. Great trip - looking forward to next yr!
count: 2 TW: In Congress, I have also maintained a strong commitment to improving circumstances for Afghan women, &amp; this annual trip also serves as an important opportunity for us to remain engaged, ensuring continued forward momentum.
count: 3 TW: This trip marks 8th yr I've visited w/ deployed US soldiers &amp; Afghan women around Mothers Day, &amp; it is always deeply important to me. The trip serves as a reminder of our servicemembers sacrifices - spending months away from their families, often in harms way, defending us.
count: 4 TW: Wow - what a special trip. I just returned from a bipartisan female congressional delegation to Afghanistan &amp; Jordan, led by my friend @RepSusanDavis. During the visit, our group met w/ U.S. servicemembers, top military commanders, &amp; Afghan &amp; Jordanian leaders. 
count: 5 TW: This week is #SmallBusinessWeek! Join me in celebrating our nations 30 million small businesses and all that they do for our communities, especially those in AL-02. You can find more ways to show your support here: 
count: 6 TW: Happy #TeacherAppreciationWeek! As a mother, I'm grateful for our educators who pour so much into AL's students. This week, I hope you'll #ThankATeacher for their dedication &amp; sacrifices. Check out some of the ways businesses are saying thank you here: 
count: 7 TW: Its #NationalNursesWeek! This week we honor the nurses who dedicate their lives to helping others. Through long hours &amp; challenging situations, nurses play a vital a role in our health &amp; wellness. A special thank you to the nurses in AL-02 - it's a true honor to serve you. 
count: 8 TW: Great news from today's #JobsReport! 263,000 new jobs were added last month. Business is booming, wages are increasing, &amp; the job market is strong. 
count: 9 TW: Ray's Restaurant is a sweet stop in Dothan, especially since it's home to Bama's Best Peach Cobbler!Learn more about the classic cobbler-serving restaurant here: 
count: 10 TW: The Alabama Teacher of the Year, Zestlan Simmons, stopped by my office this afternoon. Congratulations on this great honor, and thank you for your efforts to educate our students and prepare them for bright futures. 
count: 11 TW: "We approach this years Holocaust Remembrance Day not only as a call for remembrance, but also as a call to action. We must combat anti-Semitism wherever it rears its ugly head." A must-read by @SteveScalise and @RepLeeZeldin on #YomHaShoah: 
count: 12 TW: I met w/ the Southern Crop Protection Association to discuss a number of issues, including the need for disaster relief funding in AL. I'll continue the fight in Congress to help farmers who have been set back by severe weather. Thank you for meeting w/ me &amp; sharing your insight. 
count: 13 TW: One of my constituents, Bobby Tomberlin from Luverne, stopped by today with the Nashville Songwriters Association to discuss the challenges songwriters are facing in their creative work. Thank you for your time and for sharing your talent! 
count: 14 TW: This morning I spoke w/ members of the Alabama Rural Electric Association. Representatives from AL's 22 distribution cooperatives were in attendance. We had a great discussion about energy issues impacting our states electric cooperatives. Thank you for your time &amp; conversation! 
count: 15 TW: Yesterday I met Birmingham-Southern College President Daniel Coleman &amp; VP for Advancement &amp; Communications Virginia Loftin. I was glad to hear about the many exciting developments happening on campus! Thanks for your time. @FromTheHilltop 
count: 16 TW: I met with the Alabama Beverage Association this afternoon. I appreciated hearing their perspective on a variety of topics important to their industry. Thanks for your time! 
count: 17 TW: AnDrika Miller stopped by to advocate for issues impacting families. The last time I saw her precious son he was just a tiny baby! As a mother, I recognize the many resources parents need to ensure their kids are thriving &amp; I remain committed to fighting for them in Congress. 
count: 18 TW: I sat down with members of the Wiregrass Electric Cooperative this morning to discuss our efforts to improve broadband access in Alabamas rural communities. I assured them that this remains a priority of mine. Thank you for coming by! 
count: 19 TW: Inaccurate or miscounted numbers in the 2020 Census will mean Alabama has to do more with less, &amp; that cannot happen. It is critically important that our rural communities be accurately counted.
count: 20 TW: The 2020 Census doesnt just decide the # of congressional seats AL has, it also decides # of electoral college votes &amp; the amount of federal $ we receive. During a CJS hearing, I asked the Census Bureau Director how he will encourage participation in hard-to-count, rural areas. 
count: 21 TW: Independent Community Bankers from Alabama stopped by my office today to discuss a number of issues facing their work. Thank you for meeting with me! 
count: 22 TW: .@RepMarthaRoby You asked helpful questions about the #2020Census this morning. Here's a map and related info on hard-to-count communities in your district: 
count: 23 TW: This morning I met with Chief of the Army Reserve, LTG Charles Luckey. We had a productive discussion about military funding and readiness. I am grateful for his leadership, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on issues important to our men and women in uniform. 
count: 24 TW: Last week I visited Allied Motion in Dothan to meet the companys leadership and tour the impressive facility. Allied Motion serves a large base of industries, including the vehicle, medical, aerospace, defense, and industrial markets. Thank you for hosting me! 
count: 25 TW: We had the privilege of meeting with @RepMarthaRoby yesterday in Dothan to discuss legislation affecting the concrete industry. We appreciate her support and look forward to working with her!@CEMEX_USA 
count: 26 TW: I applaud this effort, &amp; I have said several times that my colleagues in Congress must stop playing political games with disaster relief funding. I am hopeful that an agreement will be reached soon. Many Alabamians are depending on it.
count: 27 TW: This week, the AL Peanut Producers Assoc. &amp; 134 other ag organizations &amp; businesses sent a letter to our country's top govt leaders requesting action to address the dire situation impacting farmers &amp; rural communities in the wake of destructive weather: 
count: 28 TW: Yesterday I traveled around the Wiregrass &amp; stopped by Dothans Ready Mix USA plant. Ready Mix has plants in Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, &amp; Florida. Our Dothan facility employs 24 people, &amp; I was glad to see firsthand some of the work they do. Thanks for having me! 
count: 29 TW: The @DothanAreaChamb is comprised of more than 950 businesses, individuals, &amp; professionals who are all focused on bettering the business community in Dothan &amp; the Houston County area. Thank you for your invaluable contributions - looking forward to many more years of success!
count: 30 TW: What an awesome day it has been! It was a true privilege to be in the Wiregrass today to celebrate @DothanAreaChambs 100th anniversary &amp; to present them w/ a Congressional Record entry commemorating this huge milestone. 
count: 31 TW: Yesterday I had the opportunity to tour @mgmwerx! I was glad to learn about their partnership w/ Air University &amp; efforts to tackle some of our military's challenges, including the Black Horizon Space App, Virtual Air Operations Center Training, &amp; more. 
count: 32 TW: This afternoon I participated incount: 32 TW: This morning I spoke to the Tallassee High School government class. I always appreciate any opportunity to talk to Alabama’s students about the importance of leadership and service. What a fantastic group of young men and women - thank you for your time and thoughtful questions! 
count: 33 TW: I recently joined the AL delegation in signing @SenShelby's letter to CMS Administrator Verma encouraging the agency to provide AL hospitals relief from the Medicare Wage Index. So glad to finally see CMS taking steps to resolve this serious problem by proposing an adjustment. 
count: 34 TW: Yesterday I stopped by Castleberry City Hall to visit with Mayor Kirksey and other leaders. Thanks for your time - it’s always great to be in Conecuh County! 
count: 35 TW: This afternoon, I spoke to a joint lunch meeting of the Evergreen Kiwanis &amp; Rotary Clubs. Thanks to everyone who took the time to visit w/ me &amp; participate in the conversation. Looking forward to next time! 
count: 36 TW: Many thanks to @BCAToday for participating in today’s event &amp; presenting me w/ the @USChamber Spirit of Enterprise award. In Congress, I will always support pro-business &amp; pro-growth policies. 
count: 37 TW: Just wrapped up a fantastic breakfast meeting w/ the Prattville Area Chamber of Commerce. I appreciated having this opportunity to update the group on my committee assignments for the 116th Congress &amp; my priorities on behalf of AL-02. Thanks for having me, @PrattvilleC! 
fast meeting w/ the Prattville Area Chamber of Commerce. I appreciated having this opportunity to update the group on my committee assignments for the 116th Congress &amp; my priorities on behalf of AL-02. Thanks for having me, @PrattvilleC! 
count: 39 TW: From my family to yours, Happy Easter! May God bless you, and may He continue to bless this great country. 
count: 40 TW: 
count: 41 TW: Internet safety is a concern for all age groups. We bear personal responsibility when it comes to safeguarding our personal info &amp; loved ones online, but I believe the govt also has a role to play. Read about how DOJ is taking action in my column via @yhn: 
count: 42 TW: The clean up continues today after a tornado came through Pike County Sunday morning. Thank you to @TroyALGov and @ALPikeEMA for working so hard! 
count: 43 TW: Today's #TaxDay  the last day to file your 2018 taxes. Make sure that your returns are submitted to the IRS by midnight. The good news: Thanks to our historic tax reform passed last Congress, Americans are filing their taxes under a tax code that is fairer &amp; simpler. 
count: 44 TW: Pike EMA Alert: Please stay away from damaged areas. If you live in a damaged area please stay indoors if possible. Responders are working to clear these areas. Do not drive around to see damage at this time.
count: 45 TW: Happy 188th anniversary to the University of Alabama, founded on this date in 1831! @UofAlabama
count: 46 TW: .@Alabama4H was in town for their Nat'l Conference this week. This conference engages youth across the country in our legislative process &amp; provides members of Congress w/ info about ways we can strengthen the future of 4-H. I always enjoy meeting w/ this group of young leaders! 
count: 47 TW: On this day in 1983, the @USArmy established #ArmyAviation as a separate branch. Happy Birthday, Army Aviation Branch! Above the Best! 
count: 48 TW: If you are a college student interested in participating in my congressional internship program, dont forget that applications for this summer are due TOMORROW by 5:00 p.m. Central Time. All the information is available here: 
count: 49 TW: Alabama leaders of the American Bar Association stopped by my office this morning to discuss a number of issues. As an attorney, I appreciate their leadership in the legal community. Thank you for coming by! 
