count: 0 TW: Join us! On Monday, May 13, the U.S. House Committee on Administration Subcommittee on Elections will hold a special field hearing in Birmingham on #VotingRights and barriers to exercising the right to vote in Alabama and across the U.S. #RestoreTheVote 
count: 1 TW: These @ColumbiaSIPA students have been working to tackle rural wastewater problems across the country, including in Lowndes County. Im thankful for their research into the factors that contribute to rural wastewater crises and their recommendations to help fix the problem. 
count: 2 TW: There are so many teachers and professors that have had a profound impact on my life. The educators that had the greatest influence on me, though, were my mom and dad, teachers in the Selma City Schools. I wouldnt be where I am today without them! #TeacherAppreciationDay 
count: 3 TW: We need activism on the ground. We need the Urban League Movement to take up this cause for protecting #votingrights. @RepTerriSewell. We gladly oblige! #StateOfBlackAmerica 
count: 4 TW: THANK YOU to the @NatUrbanLeague for helping create a steady drum beat around the Voting Rights Advancement Act. Its time to #RestoreTheVote and make sure every American is able to cast their ballot. 
count: 5 TW: I had the opportunity to meet with Hasan Abdullah, a soon-to-be graduate at the @NavalAcademy. I look forward to hearing great things about him down the road! Tune in to learn about what he hopes to accomplish next! 
count: 6 TW: Happy 88th birthday to Alabamas 7th Districts very own Willie Mays! Mays was one of the best @MLB players of all time, ending his career with 660 home runs and two National League MVP awards! 
count: 7 TW: Did you know that 99.4% of all Alabama businesses are small businesses? This #NationalSmallBusinessWeek we honor the small businesses across our nation that make up the heart of our communities and the backbone of our economy. 
count: 8 TW: .@BhamCitySchools are so lucky to have teachers like Ms. Merlette who make learning fun!! This is the best remix so far! Im gonna ace my test Im gonna raise my score Im gonna solve til I cant no more!   
count: 9 TW: By 2032, the US will face a shortage of up to 121,900 doctors. The impact of the shortage will disproportionately affect vulnerable and rural populations, so I introduced a bill to #ExpandGME &amp; address the shortage by adding 15,000 Medicare-supported residency slots over 5 years. 
count: 10 TW: Congratulations to this years Congressional Art Competition winner Justin Slaughter, a senior at Centerpoint High School! And kudos to all 70 students who entered this years competition! The 7th Congressional District is home to so much talent! 
count: 11 TW: History on the @WaysMeansCmte was made tonight as the senior members of the Dem Caucus shared stories!! We love you @RepRichardNeal  @repjohnlewis and Chairman Charlie Rangel! 
count: 12 TW: Many thanks to the judges of the Congressional Art Competition, Andrea Taylor, Dr. Graham Boettcher, and Amy Williamson! We had 70 talented students take part in the competition this year. Im excited to announce the winner tomorrow at the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute! 
count: 13 TW: Birmingham-Southern President Daniel Coleman stopped by my office earlier this week to update me on the state of the college. @FromTheHilltop is a crown jewel in our district! 
count: 14 TW: Our teachers are tasked with the most important job of all: preparing the next generation of leaders, thinkers and problem solvers. I am so proud of the Teacher of the Year finalists from the 7th District! Thank you for all of your hard work! 
count: 15 TW: Honored to visit with members of the Alabama Education Association @myAEA today and hear from hardworking Alabama teachers and advocates for public education. 
count: 16 TW: Gold Star families were hit with an unexpected tax this year as a result of the 2018 Republican tax bill. So, today, I introduced legislation to eliminate the tax, because Gold Star families shouldnt have to make even more sacrifices when filing their taxes. 
count: 17 TW: The National Day of Prayer calls us to, as is said in Corinthians, Do everything in love. Thank you to the faith leaders who welcomed my staff at the 55th Annual Birmingham Mayors Prayer Breakfast this morning. 
count: 18 TW: Im proud to support H.R. 9, the #ClimateActionNow Act, which would block the Trump Administration from pulling the US out of the Paris Agreement, a global pact between 200 countries to stand together and fight the climate crisis. 
count: 19 TW: Were faced with a historic opportunity to create a clean energy economy that provides good-paying jobs, cleaner air for our children &amp; a safer climate for future generations. #ClimateActionNow #ForThePeople 
count: 20 TW: Our rural communities depend on reliable infrastructure, access to broadband and secure energy sources for their local economies to thrive  and Alabamas electric co-ops work hard to deliver those services. Great meeting with @NRECANews today! 
count: 21 TW: Im heartbroken to hear about the Chanticleer fire in my hometown last night. While Im glad there were no reported injuries, I am keeping all of the families impacted in my prayers. 
count: 22 TW: It was great to have Akeelah shadow me this morning for @girls_inc and @WCPInsts annual Take Our Daughters to Congress Day! #GirlsOnTheHill 
count: 23 TW: May is Mental Health Month, a time to promote mental wellness and raise awareness about the importance of mental health.The first step is talking about it.Speak out this month using #MentalHealthMonth! 
count: 24 TW: UAB student Kendall Curtis stopped by my office today to talk about the critical research talking place at our undergraduate universities. Kendall is in Washington talking part in Posters on the Hill where she is presenting her research on Alzheimers disease. Way to go, Kendall! 
count: 25 TW: .@HillaryClinton is right. Since November, state legislatures across the country have taken steps to make it more difficult for some Americans to cast their ballots. Thats why I am working to #RestoreTheVote and restore the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965! 
count: 26 TW: Congress must be laser-focused on comprehensive solutions to address the systemic issues facing American workers. That's why I introduced legislation to raise the minimum wage in AL from $7.25 to $10.20 by 2021 and increase incrementally going forward. 
count: 27 TW: The bedrock of our democracy is the right to vote. You dont lose that right to vote just because you miss an election. We must #RestoreTheVote to ensure every American can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
count: 28 TW: Im in Cleveland, OH today where I am grateful to participate in a voting rights field hearing with @RepMarciaFudge. As the lead sponsor of H.R. 4, the Voting Rights Advancement Act, I know that access to the ballot box is the cornerstone of our Democracy, and we must protect it! 
count: 29 TW: This proposal is great news for Alabama hospitals  especially those in rural areas  and will help them continue to provide critical care and keep their doors open. I'll keep working to see this proposal over the finish line!  
count: 30 TW: Great to stop by the Brookwood Logistics Center and Career Tech Annex where Tuscaloosa Public Schools are preparing the next generation of workers. Theyve connected hundreds of students with jobs &amp; I cant wait to see the program replicated in other areas of the 7th District! 
count: 31 TW: We had a great and engaged crowd in Tuscaloosa this morning for the 3rd stop on my Congress in Your Community town hall tour this morning! Thank you to everyone who was able to make it out to the McDonald  Hughes Center! 
count: 32 TW: Our state has the highest rates of diabetes in the country, costing Alabamians more than $8 billion a year! Thank you to @JDRFAlabama for meeting with me today in Tuscaloosa to discuss ways to prevent diabetes and make management of the disease more affordable. 
count: 33 TW: Giving our children greater opportunities to learn and grow is essential to their future success  and our countrys progress. I had a wonderful time meeting with students today and going over their wish list at Berean Head Start in Marion!! 
count: 34 TW: Today I continued my annual town hall tour across my district. These town halls are a great way to update communities across the district and for attendees to make their voices heard! Thank you to everyone who came out today to the town hall in Marion! 
count: 35 TW: Wishing a very joyous Easter to all this beautiful Sunday!
count: 36 TW: Wishing a happy Passover to all those celebrating in Alabamas 7th District and across the country. Chag Sameach!
count: 37 TW: Congratulations to Urbansmoke Bar &amp; Grill on their grand opening today!! Fairfield is lucky to have you. 
count: 38 TW: U.S. Rep. Terri Sewell will hold a town hall meeting April 23 in Tuscaloosa County
count: 39 TW: The American people deserve better from their public officials, especially those who serve at the highest levels of our government, and transparency demands that Congress is presented with the full report and underlying materials.
count: 40 TW: Even in its incomplete form, the redacted Special Counsel report makes one thing very clear: irrespective of whether President Trump and his campaigns actions were criminal, they were dishonest, unethical, immoral and, ultimately, unpatriotic.
count: 41 TW: Tuscaloosa: I am excited to join you for a town hall discussion next Tuesday, April 23 at 11:00 a.m.! If you can join me, please RSVP here:  
count: 42 TW: .@HillaryClinton said it right: If you want something done, ask a busy woman to do it. Speaker Nancy Pelosi is living proof that when it comes to getting the job done, more often than not, it takes a woman. Congratulations, @SpeakerPelosi! 
count: 43 TW: Perry County: Join me for a town hall discussion this coming Monday, April 22 at 11:00 a.m.! Im looking forward to meeting with you and updating you on all the work we are doing to bring more opportunities to the 7th District. RSVP here: 
count: 44 TW: Filing your taxes can be overwhelmingly complicated  but it shouldnt be. Im proud the House passed commonsense, bipartisan legislation last week to expand taxpayer assistance services and enhance data security to improve the relationship between taxpayers and the IRS. #TaxDay 
count: 45 TW: From passing the #ForThePeople Act to introducing H.R. 4 to #RestoreTheVote, our Democratic majority has been working hard and making the best of the first #100DaysForThePeople. Looking forward to all that will come in the months ahead!
count: 46 TW: Mayor @randallwoodfin unveiled the Birmingham Inclusive Growth Partnership today, an innovative approach to harness the power of the Opportunity Zone program to attract investments and revitalize our communities. Congratulations, Mayor! 
count: 47 TW: Lets be clear: tariffs are taxes. From the 301 tariffs hurting AL farmers, to proposed auto tariffs that would devastate AL's auto sector, to threatening tariffs on Airbus  is the Trump Admin determined to cost AL manufacturers &amp; farmers their jobs? 
count: 48 TW: Thank you @RepTerriSewell for your leadership as a founding Member of the Black Maternal Health Caucus! #BMHCaucus #BMHW19 
count: 49 TW: Im proud to have witnessed this bipartisan reading of Dr. Kings Letter From a Birmingham Jail. His message is still relevant today: Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.... Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. 
