count: 0 TW: Today I asked for the House to consider a bill that protects infants born alive during abortions.  And once again, Democrats refused. We must end infanticide! 
count: 1 TW: We Will Never Forget 2011 Tornado Anniversary Memorial 
count: 2 TW: Glad to see that the 50th Bassmaster Classic will be on the best bass lake in America, Lake Guntersville! 
count: 3 TW: Below is a link to my statement on the release of the full Mueller Report:   
count: 4 TW: Its time to end infanticide.  #EndInfanticide 
count: 5 TW: Caroline really enjoyed teaming up with @SecondLady Karen Pence and other Congressional spouses to make care packages for our military members. 
count: 6 TW: Here is a very comprehensive story @WVTM13 did on our opioid summit we had Wednesday in the Shoals: State of Addiction: Special meeting on opioid crisis held in the Shoals, ... 
count: 7 TW: My office is hosting community partners this morning to find solutions to the opioid epidemic ravaging our state. 
count: 8 TW: CCEMA has received reports of damage in the White City &amp; Holly Pond communities.  Please be aware that emergency responders are in route to assist.  Keep roads clear for emergency vehicles.
count: 9 TW: Thank you Mr. President for such a quick response to this disaster in our state.  I know your support is appreciated by those impacted by these deadly storms. 
count: 10 TW: I am deeply saddened about the storms in our state Sunday and the lives those storms took.   I ask you to please join me in praying for the families of those who were killed, those who were hurt and those who had their homes and lives destroyed.
count: 11 TW: There is not a corner of our state that has not benefited from Senator Shelbys service in the United States Senate.   I wish him many more days of service to our state and to our nation ahead!
count: 12 TW: I want to congratulate @SenShelby on becoming Alabamas longest serving senator.  Almost 12 thousand days in the United States Senate is remarkable in and of itself, but the impact Senator Shelby has had on Alabama during this time makes it even more so.
count: 13 TW: During todays hearing, Rep. @Robert_Aderholt asks Commissioner @SGottliebFDA about age limits on tobacco product sales. 
count: 14 TW: If Republicans had pulled such a stunt -- the mainstream media would be outraged! 
count: 15 TW: 80% of Americans believe late term abortions are wrong:  Senate Dems block 'born alive' protection bill after Trump admin partially defunds Planned Parenthood - Yellowhammer News | Yellowhammer News 
count: 16 TW: Suppliers from nearly every state in the nation came to DC to support @NASA_SLS and @NASA_Orion , the exploration systems which will take us back to the Moon and beyond.  @NASA @NASA_Marshall 
count: 17 TW: Mrs. Easterwood did a great job! 
count: 18 TW: Congratulations to the @aafiron on their great debut showing!  1-0! 
count: 19 TW: The Democrats new Green Deal will provide a living wage to those unwilling to work.  This is not what we should want our children to aspire to grow up and become, unwilling to work.  But this plan encourages just that.
count: 20 TW: This pretty much speaks for itself.  The @realDonaldTrump speech was not just well received by most in the chamber but across the country. The same poll showed 72% agree with his immigration plan, so I say to my colleagues, lets get to it! 
count: 21 TW: I'm glad to see that the @USDA is reining in abuse of SNAP benefit waivers that allowed able bodied individuals with no children, to receive benefits without having to work. If you are able to work &amp; have no dependents, you should be working as a requirement for those benefits.
count: 22 TW: Today I joined President Trump in the Oval Office as he signed an executive order that will strengthen "Buy American" provisions that I have championed.  Government funded infrastructure projects being built with American tax dollars should be built with American made products. 
count: 23 TW: @FUN927 Congratulations Michael!
count: 24 TW: In the rush to claim victory to deny initial funding for Border Security I wonder if the Democrats will remember their pledge to negotiate w/the White House to address what is a very real problem?Three weeks is not long enough to take a victory lap AND negotiate a solution...
count: 25 TW: Let the countdown to liftoff begin! Proud to see @ULAlaunch move forward on the #VulcanCentaur with engine supplier @BlueOrigin right here in Alabama. #MadeinAlabama 
count: 26 TW: For far too long, foreign countries have levied significantly higher tariffs on the U.S. @realDonaldTrump understands these types of acts are unjust. The U.S. Reciprocal Trade Act would provide the President leverage to lower their unfair tariffs. 
count: 27 TW: This morning, 214 Democrats denied furloughed DHS employees immediate pay. Democrats continue to use the suffering of our public servants as a political tool to keep them away from the negotiating table. For the third time now, Democrats prove they arent looking for solutions. 
count: 28 TW: It was great being on this morning with @AunieLindenberg and with @ScottBeason.  We talked about the shutdown, the SOTU and whats it like working with some of the new members of Congress. 
count: 29 TW: The President is offering solutions to the shutdown and continues to show a spirit of negotiation. This is in sharp contrast to Congressional Democrats who reject ideas before theyve even heard them.
count: 30 TW: Today, thousands of Americans joined together to mark the 46th anniversary of a terrible moment in American history  Roe V Wade. We mourn the loss of 60 million unborn children since 1973.  We must continue to fight for these children who do not have a voice of their own. 
count: 31 TW: The @realDonaldTrump plans are a comprehensive response to a growing threat.  I support his plan for additional GBI interceptorsand for developing assets in space. 
count: 32 TW: A nice picture from this morning as Marshall County Judge Mitch Floyd was sworn in by his son with his daughter holding the Bible. 
count: 33 TW: Congratulations to @GovernorKayIvey on her inauguration to a full term as our governor. 
count: 34 TW: Tonight, @realDonaldTrump made clear to the nation the immediate humanitarian crisis that faces our southern border. I share the Presidents concerns and fully support funding for the border wall. Read my full statement here:
count: 35 TW: Merry Christmas! 
count: 36 TW: Apollo 8 50th Anniversary!  Merry Christmas!   @NASA_Marshall @nasa 
count: 37 TW: @JohnHMerrill Thank you for filling in for me tonight, John ...wouldnt want to miss a vote to support building @realDonaldTrump Border Wall!
count: 38 TW: Tonight the House voted to stand with President Trump, approving the money he requested to secure our southern border.  An open borders policy is not putting our nations best interests at the forefront.
count: 39 TW: Congratulations to the Gilley brothers from Ballplay. Their Christmas display won the Great Christmas Light Fight on ABC and $50,000! 
count: 40 TW: After being loaded onto the @NASA barge Pegasus last week, the largest piece of structural test hardware for America's new deep space rocket, @NASA_SLS, is on its way to #NASAMarshall &gt;&gt; 
count: 41 TW: Good advice 
count: 42 TW: Such a great event as I joined @SecretarySonny to announced the @USDA new ReConnect Program which will connect rural areas that currently have insufficient broadband service. I worked with my colleagues to secure $600 million to fund this program. 
count: 43 TW: I was proud to vote today for the Farm Bill.  It was a vote for both farmers and consumers.  There is not a single person that farming does not impact.  Farming Feeds (and clothes) Alabama and America.
count: 44 TW: Valors Voice helps Alabama veterans visit National World War II Museum By @sean_yhn 
count: 45 TW: Congratulations to the Fyffe Red Devils, 2A State Champs!
count: 46 TW: Im proud to announce that Cullman will receive a $14 million grant to finally finish the 4-laning of Highway 157 through the city. This is vital not only for economic growth but the hospital is right in the middle of the congestion on this highway. 
count: 47 TW: I applaud this new flexibility.  This is exactly what I have been working toward for the past five years. The old rules, put in place during the previous Administration,  drove the cost of the food up, while pushing participation down. 
count: 48 TW: Go Albertville!     How an Alabama company is getting President George H.W. Bush to his final resting place 
count: 49 TW: RIP 41 
