count: 0 TW: Sponsor of the Transparency in Federal Buildings Projects Act @USRepGaryPalmer: This bill will ensure taxpayers know what projects have been proposed, how much they cost, and which have been approved.
count: 1 TW: Thank you for this honor, @ACUFoundation! 
count: 2 TW: If the UK's #MedicareForAll has 220,000+ patients waiting more than six months for treatment, how many patients will be waiting under the Democrats' plan for the US which is five times larger? @HouseGOP 
count: 3 TW: If Democrats' idea of #MedicareForAll appeals to you, wait for it...wait for it...wait for it. Actually, just keep waiting. We've already seen what socialized medicine looks like. @HouseGOP
count: 4 TW: This week has been Holocaust Remembrance Week. May we never forget the brutal history of our Jewish friends, and may it motivate us to ensure it is not repeated. #HolocaustRemembrance 
count: 5 TW: Thank you, @SeemaCMS for these proposed changes! This will be especially beneficial to rural hospitals and will increase access for patients. I urge CMS to finalize the proposal. 
count: 6 TW: This is huge progress in protecting life at all stages &amp; I'm proud of Alabama for taking this step, despite opposition we have recently seen on this issue in our country. Human life has inherent dignity &amp; deserves protection at all stages, before &amp; after birth. #AL06 #alpolitics
count: 7 TW: Women would not be held liable and exceptions would be made in the case of serious health risks or if the child has a "lethal anomaly." #AL06 #alpolitics
count: 8 TW: This week, the Alabama House passed a bill that would make almost all abortions illegal in Alabama. Performing or attempting to perform an abortion would be made felony offenses and would be punishable by imprisonment and fines. #AL06 #alpolitics
count: 9 TW: Congratulations to Nylah Bluiett on winning the 2019 Congressional Art Competition! Her artwork will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol for the next year and I look forward to seeing her at the winners' reception in DC this summer. #AL06 
count: 10 TW: Congrats to Ayla McCay, a 6th District native, on her Critical Language Scholarship. This program provides a fully funded cultural immersion &amp; language study opportunity for students. Ayla will be studying Korean in Busan, South Korea this summer. #AL06 
count: 11 TW: As the Democrats hold their first hearing on Medicare For All today, let's remember what this bill would really do. It's a government takeover of healthcare that would strip millions of their private insurance, cause our national debt to skyrocket, &amp; limit access to quality care. 
count: 12 TW: Palmer spoke to guests at the annual Eggs and Issues breakfast, held at the Marriott at Grandview on U.S. 280. 
count: 13 TW: This past week, I enjoyed touring the @Cementos_Argos plant, one of the largest manufacturing employers in Shelby County. Their production processes make great use of combustible recycled &amp; scrap material. Thanks for having me! #AL06 
count: 14 TW: Tomorrow is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Responsibly disposing of excess prescription drugs is a safety precaution and an easy way to fight the opioid crisis from home. Go to 
count: 15 TW: Thanks to Tia Martin, Director at the Vet Center in Hoover, for hosting me at the center this week. I heard from many veterans about their concerns with the VA system. I'm committed to addressing VA issues, and my local office is glad to assist with individual cases. #AL06 
count: 16 TW: Thank you for having me, @Cementos_Argos! 
count: 17 TW: Honored to attend the 29th annual Mayors Prayer Breakfast, hosted by Mayor Ashley Curry &amp; the Vestavia Chamber of Commerce. It was inspiring to hear from Micah McElveen, founder of Vapor Ministries, a non-profit that seeks to alleviate poverty in Haiti &amp; African countries. #AL06 
count: 18 TW: Enjoyed the opportunity to address attendees at the 2019 Alabama state conference for National Active and Retired Federal Employees (NARFE) in Birmingham. There are more than 100,000 total active and retired federal and postal employees in the state of Alabama. #AL06 
count: 19 TW: Im praying for comfort for those who have lost loved ones, for wisdom for officials who continue investigating the attacks, and for strength and peace for Sri Lankan Christians who have been shaken by this atrocity. #SriLanka
count: 20 TW: While this horrific act of terror is a grim reminder that there are many people around the world who cannot worship together or practice their faith without fear of persecution, multiple studies show the Christian community is the most targeted religious community in the world.
count: 21 TW: Im grieved by the devastating attacks on Christians in Sri Lanka this Easter Sunday, the holiest day of the Christian calendar.
count: 22 TW: Another great lunch with mayors from the 6th District. Special thanks to Chris Beeker III, State Director for USDA Rural Development, for speaking about loan &amp; grant programs for rural towns &amp; cities, including programs to bring high speed internet to underserved areas. #AL06 
count: 23 TW: Its time to accept that this sideshow is finished and to get back to the real work of governing that the American people need from us.
count: 24 TW: The report revealed that the investigation found no evidence of collusion or obstruction of justice. The Democrats obsession with the investigation has only served to create divisiveness and unwarranted suspicion of the President and our countrys intelligence and legal systems.
count: 25 TW: Special Counsel Muellers report on his investigation into potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign has shown once again that Democrats have been wrong to push their claims that President Trump colluded with Russia to steal the 2016 election.
count: 26 TW: Thanks to the Shelby Co, Hoover, Montevallo, Mountain Brook, &amp; Vestavia Hills Chambers of Commerce for inviting me to their "Eggs &amp; Issues" breakfast. It was a great chance to speak with constituents of the 6th District &amp; answer questions on a range of topics. #AL06 #alpolitics 
count: 27 TW: Water crisis has been a major problem in today's society, both domestically and internationally. @USRepGaryPalmers CAC Winners created an app to better inform us of the issue. Come check it out at #HouseOfCode on May 9th. #Congress4CS
count: 28 TW: Within the Democrats' first 100 days in the majority, they have:- Ignored the crisis at the border- Failed to present a budget- Refused to denounce anti-Semitism- Condoned infanticide- Embraced socialism#100DaysofDems 
count: 29 TW: I enjoyed visiting the National Center for Asphalt Technology (NCAT) at Auburn University to hear about the research and development to meet the needs of maintaining Americas highway infrastructure. Special thanks to Steven Taylor, Randy West, Buzz Powell and Jason Nelson. 
count: 30 TW: Do-Nothing Democrats THEN: Show me your budget, show me your values  @SpeakerPelosiNOW: House Dems cancel vote on budget plan amid internal revolt 
count: 31 TW: Enjoyed meeting with F. Javier Diaz, the Consul General of Mexico in Atlanta. We had great conversations about trade and other issues between Mexico and the United States. 
count: 32 TW: Thanks to the @USChamber of Commerce for the honor of the Spirit of Enterprise Award! I'm remaining committed to sound policy and promoting a strong, growing economy. 
count: 33 TW: It was an honor to pin Lt. Junior Grade Davis Vickery with his Strategic Sealift Officer Warfare Insignia. He is a 2011 6th District appointment to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, &amp; career has now taken him to more than 30 ports in over 15 different countries. #AL06 
count: 34 TW: House Democrats have refused 25 times to #LetUsVote on the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. It's time to go on record and let every American know whether their representative will stand up to #EndInfanticide. 
count: 35 TW: Today, I'm joining @SteveScalise to sign his discharge petition to force a vote on the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act to defend vulnerable children at birth. Americans deserve to know where their representatives stand on this. #LetUsVote #EndInfanticide 
count: 36 TW: Last night, I was honored to speak to social work students from @UofAlabama, @UAB, and @UAHuntsville at their 3rd Annual Policy &amp; Advocacy Fly-In. It's encouraging to talk with young people who are eager to learn about policy processes &amp; making a difference. #alpolitics #AL06 
count: 37 TW: It was great visiting Vestavia Hills Elementary West &amp; celebrating Alabamas Bicentennial with 2nd &amp; 3rd graders. We had fun reading Alabama, My Home Sweet Home!, by Charles Ghinga. I also enjoyed encouraging the students about being leaders in their families &amp; communities. 
count: 38 TW: Today is National Medal of Honor Day, a day dedicated to Medal of Honor recipients. It is the highest honor for valor in action against enemy forces that can be awarded. Lets take time to remember and thank the brave men and women who have fought and died to defend our country.
count: 39 TW: Democrats built the case on a fraudulent dossier that was paid for by Clinton supporters &amp; her campaign. It was an illegitimate investigation attempting an unprecedented resultremoval of a President. We now must work to restore public confidence &amp; trust in our legal system.
count: 40 TW: Over a year ago, the Republican-led House Select Committee on Intelligence conducted its own investigation and found no evidence of collusion. Yet Democrats persisted in claims that President Trump colluded with the Russians to steal the election. They are wrong.
count: 41 TW: Special Counsel Muellers investigation on potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign during the 2016 election is finally over. After 22 months and $25 million expended, it proved nothing surprising or new.
count: 42 TW: Always good to chat with the Matt &amp; Aunie show! @mattmurphyshow @AunieLindenberg 
count: 43 TW: From @WSJ today: @USRepGaryPalmer provides important context on the sacrifice of one particular American hero and why we all should never forget his service to our country. 
count: 44 TW: Americansincluding Ilhan Omarshould remember those who died to give Somalis a chance to live in freedom 
count: 45 TW: Great to be in Center Point for the 17th Annual Mayors Prayer Breakfast, held at the new community center. Special thanks to Mayor Tom Henderson. #AL06 
count: 46 TW: Im grieved today to hear of the senseless act of violence against the mosques in Christchurch. It is an affront to the dignity of human life &amp; free religious exercise. Im praying for strength for the people of NZ, comfort for the victims families, &amp; healing for the injured.
count: 47 TW: I'm saddened to see yet more tornado damage in Alabama this week, this time in Blount County. Ann and I send our thoughts and prayers to those who have been affected. #AL06 
count: 48 TW: The 2019 Congressional Art Competition is fast approaching! This is a great opportunity for high school students from the district to showcase their talents. Find information about contest rules, student forms, &amp; winner prizes here on my website: 
count: 49 TW: The House held a moment of silence today in memory of those who lost their lives in the devastating tornadoes in Lee County. #PrayForLeeCounty #PrayForAlabama
